Upgrade oauthenticator version and docs (#1583)
2i2c-org/infrastructure: docs/howto/configure/auth-management.md

          hub:
            config:
              JupyterHub:
                authenticator_class: cilogon
              CILogonOAuthenticator:
                # This config option will only display GitHub as the only identity provider option
                shown_idps:
                  - https://github.com/login/oauth/authorize
        ```

    2. **Authenticate using Google with CILogon, allowing only a certain domain**:

        *This example sets `2i2c.org` as the only domain that can login into the hub using Google*

        ```yaml
        jupyterhub:
          hub:
            config:
              JupyterHub:
                authenticator_class: cilogon
              CILogonOAuthenticator:
                oauth_callback_url: https://{{ HUB_DOMAIN }}/hub/oauth_callback
                allowed_idps:
                  http://google.com/accounts/o8/id:
                    username_derivation:
                      username_claim: "email"
                    allowed_domains:
                        - "2i2c.org"
        ```

    3. **Authenticate using an instutional identity provider for the hub community users and Google for 2i2c staff.**

        This example:

>           - only shows the ANU identity provider and Google as the possible login option though CILogon
>           - sets `2i2c.org` as the only domain that can login into the hub using Google
>           - sets `anu.edu.au` as the only domain that can login into the hub using the ANU institutional id provider
>           - adds a `2i2c:` prefix to the usernames logging in through Google. The hub usernames are the `email` addresses of these accounts, as specified through `username_claim`.
>           - strips the `@anu.edu.au` domain from the usernames logging in through ANU IDP. The hub usernames are the `email` addresses of these accounts, as specified through `username_claim`.
> 
>       ```{note}
>       To get the value of the key that must go in the `allowed_idp` dict for a specific IdP, go to https://cilogon.org/idplist and get the value of the `EntityID` key of the desired institutional IdP.
>       ```
> 
>       Example config:
> 
>       ```yaml
>       jupyterhub:
>         hub:
>           config:
>             JupyterHub:
>               authenticator_class: cilogon
>             CILogonOAuthenticator:
>               oauth_callback_url: https://{{ HUB_DOMAIN }}/hub/oauth_callback
>               admin_users:
>                 - admin@anu.edu.au
>               # Only show the option to login with Google and ANU
>               shown_idps:
>                 - https://idp2.anu.edu.au/idp/shibboleth
>                 - https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth
>               allowed_idps:
>                 http://google.com/accounts/o8/id:
>                   username_derivation:
>                     username_claim: "email"
>                     action: "prefix"
>                     prefix: "2i2c"
>                   allowed_domains:
>                     - "2i2c.org"
>                 https://idp2.anu.edu.au/idp/shibboleth:
>                   username_derivation:
>                     username_claim: "email"
>                     action: "strip_idp_domain",
>                     domain: "anu.edu.au"
>                   allowed_domains:
>                     - "anu.edu.au"
>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          - only shows Shibboleth, the ANU identity provider, and Google as the possible login options though CILogon
          - sets `2i2c.org` as the only domain that can login to the hub using Google
          - sets `anu.edu.au` as the only domain that can login to the hub using Shibboleth
          - adds a `2i2c:` prefix to the usernames logging in through Google. The hub usernames are the `email` addresses of these accounts, as specified through `username_claim`.
          - strips the `@anu.edu.au` domain from the usernames logging in through Shibboleth. The hub usernames are the `email` addresses of these accounts, as specified through `username_claim`.

      ```{note}
      To get the value of the key that must go in the `allowed_idp` dict for a specific IdP, go to https://cilogon.org/idplist and get the value of the `EntityID` key of the desired institutional IdP.
      ```

      Example config:

      ```yaml
      jupyterhub:
        hub:
          config:
            JupyterHub:
              authenticator_class: cilogon
            CILogonOAuthenticator:
              oauth_callback_url: https://{{ HUB_DOMAIN }}/hub/oauth_callback
              admin_users:
                - admin@anu.edu.au
              # Only show the option to login with Google and Shibboleth
              shown_idps:
                - https://idp2.anu.edu.au/idp/shibboleth
                - https://accounts.google.com/o/oauth2/auth
              allowed_idps:
                http://google.com/accounts/o8/id:
                  username_derivation:
                    username_claim: "email"
                    action: "prefix"
                    prefix: "2i2c"
                  allowed_domains:
                    - "2i2c.org"
                https://idp2.anu.edu.au/idp/shibboleth:
                  username_derivation:
                    username_claim: "email"
                    action: "strip_idp_domain",
                    domain: "anu.edu.au"
                  allowed_domains:
                    - "anu.edu.au"
      ```
```

I changed the wording slightly as it sounded like ANU were hosting their own identity provider, when I think they are actually subscribed to Shibboleth (as many universities are)

Author: > I changed the wording slightly as it sounded like ANU were hosting their own identity provider, when I think they are actually subscribed to Shibboleth (as many universities are)

I believe that's ok. Whatever makes more sense for everybody. After reading the CILogon docs and refactoring the oauthenticators, I admit I am confused about the terminology they use and I realized there isn't necessarily a convention on identity provider vs entity id, the use of username claims vs username keys 🤯 etc
So thank you ✨
